# A Comparative Analysis of Prediction Intervals for Forecasting in the Recycling Sector

This repository supplements the code to the paper *A Comparative Analysis of Prediction Intervals for Forecasting in the Recycling Sector* available at TBA.

### Structure

- `cover80.csv`: Contains the values displayed in *Table 2* in the paper and used in the `plot_cover_rellen.R` file.
- `cover95.csv`: Contains the values displayed in *Table 2* in the paper and used in the `plot_cover_rellen.R` file.
- `create_data_set.R`: Creates an exemplary data set as it is not possible to provide the original data set due to data protection concerns. The data set only comprises values of the thirteen fractions.
- `holiday.csv`: Stores information on whether or not a day was a holiday used in the `preprocess_data.R` file.
- `input_output_data.csv`: Contains the data set generated by `create_data_set.R` also used in the `preprocess_data.R` file.
- `interval_comparison_arima.R`: Calculates the prediction intervals based on Autoregressive Integrated Moving Average (ARIMA) models.
- `interval_comparison_ets.R`: Calculates the prediction intervals based on Error, Trend and Seasonality (ETS) models.
- `interval_comparison_grf.R`: Calculates the prediction intervals based on Generalized Random Forest (GRF) models.
- `interval_comparison_pibf.R`: Calculates the prediction intervals based on One-Step Boosted Forest models.
- `interval_comparison_rfinterval.R`: Calculates the prediction intervals based on the Out-Of-Bag residuals of a Random Forest.
- `len80.csv`: Contains the values displayed in *Table 3* in the paper and used in the `plot_cover_rellen.R` file.
- `len95.csv`: Contains the values displayed in *Table 3* in the paper and used in the `plot_cover_rellen.R` file.
- `plot_cover_rellen.R`: Creates the plot displayed in *Figure 1* in the paper.
- `plot_cover_rellen.pdf`: Contains the the plot displayed in *Figure 1* in the paper.
- `preprocess_data.R`: Performs the necessary preprocessing steps to the data and is used by the `interval_comparison_*.R` files.
